README.md, before:

An implentation of the Infection project for Khan Academy's application process. The official description of the parameters can be found [here](https://docs.google.com/a/khanacademy.org/document/d/1NiKv-MjULOFyyc8f5w8R_EqvuPJ10wJVJgZhtTK9VKc/edit#heading=h.24vvz52659j3). In brief, the challenge is to implement a graph of students and teachers who can be "infected" classroom-by-classroom by a new version of a piece of software. Classrooms are infected as a whole to make sure classmates are using the same version, and in the Limited Infection case, the goal is to infect only a specified potion of the population.

#### Implementation

I chose to complete this project in Python both because the majority of my portfolio is in a web-focused language (JavaScript, PHP, etc.) and so I wanted to highlight my ability in other environments, and because Python is high level enough to focus on the conceptual parts of the project and easily expand to, for example, a graphical interface.

#### Algorithm

The Limited Infection scenario is an example of the famous Subset Sum problem, where the goal is to choose a subset of a given set of numbers that sum to a certain target. If the goal is to infect `k` students and we have classrooms of sizes `a_1, a_2, a_3, ..., a_n` then we attempt to find a subset of these classrooms with size summing to `k`. The Subset Sum problem is known to be NP-complete, so a perfect polynomial time algorithm is beyond the scope of this project. Thus, we can either compromise on complexity (and implement a brute force, exponential time algorithm) and/or correctness (and implement an algorithm that finds a subset of classrooms with only approximately `k` total students).

#### Usage

Run `total_infection.py` to execute randomized correctness tests for the Total Infection scenario. (Use `-h` to see command-line options.) These tests simply create randomly-sized classrooms and then infect and/or disinfect them, checking along the way that the infection has spread properly.

Commit message:

added a 'close_enough' algorithm that approximates the limited infection scenario and randomizes selections added tests for the limited infection scenario updated the README

README.md, after:

An implentation of the Infection project for Khan Academy's application process. The official description of the parameters can be found [here](https://docs.google.com/a/khanacademy.org/document/d/1NiKv-MjULOFyyc8f5w8R_EqvuPJ10wJVJgZhtTK9VKc/edit#heading=h.24vvz52659j3). In brief, the challenge is to implement a graph of students and teachers who can be "infected" classroom-by-classroom by a new version of a piece of software. Classrooms are infected as a whole to make sure classmates are using the same version, and in the Limited Infection case, the goal is to infect only a specified potion of the population.

### Implementation

I chose to complete this project in Python both because the majority of my portfolio is in a web-focused language (JavaScript, PHP, etc.) and so I wanted to highlight my ability in other environments, and because Python is high level enough to focus on the conceptual parts of the project and easily expand to, for example, a graphical interface.

The teaching graph is implemented in the classes `Teacher` and `Student` in `infection.py`. These classes include an `infect` method that toggles their infection state and (by default) spreads the infection through the classroom. Although strictly for the purposes of this project, a smaller data structure (an array of boolean values representing the students, for example) would easily suffice, using full-fledged classes would be more appropriate in the real world where classrooms and students are associated with a lot more information. 

### Algorithm

The Limited Infection scenario is an example of the famous Subset Sum problem, where the goal is to choose a subset of a given set of numbers that sum to a certain target. If the goal is to infect `k` students and we have classrooms of sizes `a_1, a_2, a_3, ..., a_n` then we attempt to find a subset of these classrooms with size summing to `k`. The Subset Sum problem is known to be NP-complete, so a perfect polynomial time algorithm is beyond the scope of this project. Thus, we can either compromise on complexity (and implement a brute force, exponential time algorithm) and/or correctness (and implement an algorithm that finds a subset of classrooms with only approximately `k` total students). As a start, the `bruteforce` function in `limited_infection.py` provides a brute-force, stubborn algorithm.

However, even though this problem is very difficult in the general case, the fact that we know something about the sizes of classrooms allows for powerful hueristics. For most practical purposes, we will have a large number of classrooms of relatively small size (a large, very distributed user base) and if we would like to infect 10% of the userbase, the difference of one or two classrooms is all but negligible. If we, as is very likely, are not very concerned with accuracy, a very simple algorithm will suffice. In addition, we probably want the infected classrooms to be chosen randomly (imagine if we had many classrooms of size one, and always infected those for every new feature). The `close_enough` algorithm in `limited_infection.py` implements this kind of an algorithm.

### Usage

Run `total_infection.py` to execute randomized correctness tests for the Total Infection scenario. (Use `-h` to see command-line options.) These tests simply create randomly-sized classrooms and then infect and/or disinfect them, checking along the way that the infection has spread properly.

Run `limited_infection.py` to execute randomized correctness tests for the Limited Infection scenario. (Use `-h` to see command-line options.) These tests construct randomly-sized classrooms and then use the `close_enough` algorithm (by default) to search for approximate solutions to infect a random percent of the userbase. Prints the percent of these scenarios for which an acceptable solution was found, and an average accuracy, which is the discrepancy between the target and the solution, as a percentage of the target (i.e. 10% means the solutions are within +/- 10% of the target on average, 0% accuracy means a perfect solution).
